[doc] Add a note in howto/logging.rst about "do not log to root logger in libraries" (#31271)
python/cpython: Doc/howto/logging.rst

libraries, then the logger name specified can be 'orgname.foo' rather than
just 'foo'.

.. note:: It is strongly advised that you *do not log to the root logger*
   in your library. Instead, use a logger with a unique and easily identifiable 

>    name, such as `__name__`. This can avoid writing to the a logger that's used 

Reviewer: Typo here "This can avoid writing to **the a** logger that's used"

>    name, such as `__name__`. This can avoid writing to the a logger that's used 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   name, such as your library's ``__name__``. This can avoid writing to a logger that's used 
```

libraries, then the logger name specified can be 'orgname.foo' rather than
just 'foo'.

.. note:: It is strongly advised that you *do not log to the root logger*
   in your library. Instead, use a logger with a unique and easily

>    identifiable name, such as your library's ``__name__``. This can avoid

Reviewer 3: change

> library's ``__name__``. This can avoid writing to a logger that's used by other libraries or the application,
   which will make it difficult for the application developer to configure
   handlers.

to

the ``__name__`` for your library's top-level package or module. Logging to the root logger will make it difficult or impossible for the application developer to configure the logging verbosity of your library as they wish.
